all right
i
ah
hello good today I will say but what do you
pass
or it can be very easy it's also a
pasta with broccoli because I want to make it
fast because I want that as we have
fast because we die of hunger so
we go fast with the ingredients that
are the following a package of pasta
It can be of any type of letters
that I have a pasta that says here of
whole amaranth with vegetables on high
but it can be any regular pasta
that you want a dram dow a
spoonful of brewer's yeast is
embittered a quarter to chopped onion and
two cups two cups of broccoli washed and
raw then these are all the
ingredients and let's sugar
then the only thing we are going to do is
put water to boil with a sheet
laurel and a piece of onion until
now it is already boiling and along with the
pasta let's throw the broccoli let's
let it be everything and right now it
finish cooking the pasta already is
also at that point will be the broccoli and
we remove it and I tell them to basile him
lack we return
very well the pasta is already cooked and
drained and the broccoli is barely
cooked so you do not lose all your
properties
I always always prefer to cook more
good thing in the steamed vegetables without
But in this paste you should put
together with the pasta so that also everything
the flavor of broccoli but it's very little
time I left it on fire about 34
minutes depending also on the pasta
obviously the fastest ones are questioned
fruits is because it is integrate is cooking
faster is good and I put a little bit
of oil in the pan and may suffer
the onions
the onion
transparent
and half the equation
garlic
It is worth mentioning that this recipe
october of dimension of ghana is a blog
which is dedicated to natural recipes and
they turn Italian then credits of
them, but here he taught them and
It also remains in the channel and does not reach
that then also have it we are going to
approximate then is already changing a
little bit of color and we're going to add the
chopped garlic
they do not throw themselves together because they serve do not know
what else
then through the onion first
and later
to him and if he is like this half transparent and
we are going to throw all the pasta with the forum
set
and more nothing and what we are going to put
let's start spicing up with the
other ingredients generated by the
unique and different flavor is the famous
brewer's yeast then we're going to
sprinkle
and the examinee in which I am a recipe
where that carries brewer's yeast is
bitter then see that it is very
versatile then buy yourself a medium in
your kitchen because it's versatile is used to
various things
this is another recipe that takes you and is
very well with a little salt I put the
grain
They are and people are very crazy a little
sea ​​salt
and the original recipe brings before throwing
the pasta and broccoli is a little
of chili either from tree of something
mainly so that it gets cold and you
gives the flavor to the chili to the pasta but
As I have children, I have not done it
here then I will set him apart
my dish in fact if the broken can
you set aside a little
akihito
that's all we have to fry everything
that is well trained
ingredients and so easy that
enjoy good benefits remember you
give you the quality to follow the country channel